Richard Q Anderson
CS2450
ProjectDemo2 Review


  
  The prototype was lead by Steve Aguirre and backed up by Sagorika Roychowdhury.  Once those of us that had finished with
Persona Matrix and User Flow were given different aspects of the prototype to work on.  I was given the task of mapping areas within the close of the neck and head.  Cameron was given a similar task of mapping general body areas from the full view of the body.  Reluctantly David Yoon agreed to crop out useful art work from the pdf files provide from Brock Bennett.  I say reluctantly because he rebuffed the idea of helping with the html code because of his lack of knowledge (Google how like the rest of us).  David did gather the requested visual content that we needed.  James Owen also turned down the offer to help with building the prototype because of his lack of knowledge of html.  I believe the prototype was well built by Steve and Sagorika and I felt that I and Cameron were able to contribute to the overall project.
  I felt that we had put a lot of work into the prototype even meeting several time outside of class to make sure everyone was on the same page. This was not an easy feat when everyone wants to interject their own understanding and perspectives.  Interestingly enough I kept hearing this voice in the back of my head saying "it’s a political process..." how true strange voice how true.
  The presentation of the prototype went well though I believe once we heard the remarks from yourself (Chris, just in case you had forgotten who you are) and from our client, Brock, that we may have been off just slightly though as Brock said the structure is there.  Taking the remarks from the demo I believe you will see some improvements in navigation and purpose.
  If I were to grade personal effort for the group I would lay it out as follows.  I hope this is what you were looking for.
  
Steven Aguirre 100%

Richard Anderson 98%

James Owen 75%
 
Cameron Porter 98%
 
Sagorika Roychowdhury 100%
 
David Yoon 80%

